control company allows the host of a
lethal company Lobby to take control of
any monster using this to my advantage
and using a separate mod pack for my
friends I plan on making their lives a
living
[Music]
hell let's go we're going to dine let's
do it who wants to get teleported in We
Dine and dine oh wait all of our stuff
is under move the thing move move it
I'll move it hold on can I move it let
me move it it won't let me move it oh no
all right try to reach for it I can move
in wait I got it I got it oh there you
go there you go you guys got it all
right grab whatever you need there like
some guns and some flashlights lock
picks hey you guys are good all right
teleport was teleporting now it's time
to
go God speed can I move this now oh I
can move it okay that's neat I'll deal
with that later all right so here's the
the deal the last few uh lethal Company
videos I uploaded
I uh we played legitimately and we got
pretty far we did pretty well I was
actually really happy so I was like oh
might as well ruin it with control
company the the mod has been updated a
long time so I thought it'd be fun to
just mess around so uh let's see what
Jerry's up to uh oh I guess sey let's
see what sei's up
to nothing like you found nothing good
to know what can I control I control
mask nut lizard
Jester I don't know if we do Jared
please what was that key I think if I
press zero where's my I can open the
debug menu oh there's a lot more options
now wait control Shy Guy the Pooky I
heard Pookie for a second he's gone
fcking control the SCP guy oh I'm going
to have F that oh my
god oh oh that's okay yeah watch out for
the UR I should probably disiz H okay
uh are they running past it I I can't
tell what number that is man I'm sorry
T2 got it okay oh this is going to be
fun this is going to be very
fun oh hear now hey oh they hear
Pooky the coil head's kind of
new there's AER already already a Jester
drive me drive me
onward Pick Me Away what are they doing
me anywhere I want to try the coil head
he doesn't like me he doesn't us oh my
idea where the entrance oh my God I
almost K myself that's great no stay
close oh my God I can't even troll the
dire don't you walk over get
uhoh oh I made it hey made back I'm
alive welcome back I left so much stuff
behind there's it's so much stuff in
there oh well dude go gra go grab it
then but it was through a fire exit that
I don't think I can go back in might be
able to I'll try F I believe in you I
believe in you you're the you're you're
the goat I don't know if these guys are
going to get out what the hell is Ross
doing Bross die no he's
fine oh son of a [__] oh no oh no oh oh
God no
no going to come out and kill us oh no
that's a problem oh they see it they see
it they see it they see it okay
they got to get rid of the Mask
guys's coming to me he just chilling to
shoot yeah okay they got one of them
that's
good wait there's more than one might
get another oh they actually killed me
I'm kind of sad yeah there's another one
out there there's another one out there
get him get
him I'm so sorry K him I I I didn't know
you died so I teleported you you were
like you start I should have had the gun
on me man that's my fault that's my
fault theer was going to kill me anyway
so clean all
this's outside somebody outside but I
got to is that more mask people I think
it's more
masks open the door you want me to I'mma
open
it wait there's more than one
oh there's another out there oh my God
how many mass guys are there how are
they not seeing spider on the other side
spider I see a bunker spider where at am
I going St wait I think I'm going de
body the dead
body oh I see a loop in the distance oh
I see the loot too I personally come out
I heard her is that the spider okay
let's leave let's go should not have
teleported I didn't know you were M
that's my I I didn't think
you the G I should have for help not
wait there was a Jester I am there's a
Chester oh there is a guy could not find
a way out so I was just like you know
what I'll be your friend the M would
have said something that's actually
funny got no ammo we're poor glad they
save the stuff dude I teleported rosc
did not know he got masked and he fcked
me up yeah makes sense I got to have
like a shovel or a gun on me or
something that happens again I was going
to so I quickly masked myself to be his
friend uh I think D yeah D's still safe
or we could go to Titan feel like we can
stay ont save some's save some money
stay on done save someone oh you have to
pay 700 right yeah which I think
actually do we even have enough no we
don't have enough cuz me and Ross died
I'm going to keep a gun with me cuz I
don't I don't trust teleporting Ross
anymore I'll keep that
fing thing on me twerk for it y want to
be teleported in I got that thing on me
now Heen of that all right I got that
thing on me too you would like to be
teleported in now is the time to go me
me
me got speed poy and Jerry all right
your
monor uh is Jerry dead there's one more
outside oh I think Jerry died what
already I think he spawned right in
front of a turret yeah he died
oh no oh no I'll teleport him back I
feel bad now I'm so sorry man I didn't
know there was a turret oh no look
hanging around by the turrets man so
there's a ladder out here there's a oh
yeah Jerry brought that out and then
decided to get teleported inside
instead oh no I'll put it over here with
the others all right that's all all all
good TP tp's off right yeah then Pooky
Jerry us it Jerry died I wouldn't even
recommend using it you wasted it oh did
you want that
gun yeah got that thing on you I got to
I got to keep that thing good luck I
feel like we should torment Pooky I
really want to test out this SCP guy so
let's go to Pooky gosh man this this
place sucks it's so bad dude there's so
many landmines and turrets and stuff
that's I feel so bad why are you
kidding oh my God all right I got to I
got to help him I just feel too bad all
right I was Z
M6 okay well he knows how to get back oh
he's fine though let's go to
Ross dude why are there so many turrets
I want to try the coil Hill want to give
a better viewing experience for you oh
thank you thank
you okay I hear him but I don't see him
thought I heard slapping yeah I heard
slapping too right I
was okay dude there a gun I'm going to
be gun down oh no
I got it I got it okay wait you want me
to come over well do you want to come
where what's
plan I chose the worst spot to do this
there's a gesture too what no shot
really are you kidding oh no maybe it's
time to leave
yeah oh
no no there's another one
why are they moving I'm looking at them
wow oh my God how did you get out here
how did you get out here that's fuing
funny my god oh Ros got coil uh se's on
his way back Bo's on his way back okay
holy F that was so perfectly
done hey y'all were fre in there man
uh-uh uh-uh I'm not messing with that
got coiled was there like two of them or
something four coil there was like two
coils that were inside they kept chasing
me outside oh yeah no they go outside
yeah I know I just was like I'm out of
here thought they would go to I thought
they would go to somebody else I hope
Pooky can uh survive you going get back
cuz I was like whipping my neck back and
forth I was
like oh you hamster dancing
yeah that was like I got a cup
ofel well we still got 3K the I'm assume
y'all don't want to go back in I was
going to get [__] by coil heads it's
it's 323 man we're we're good really
wanted to okay that's that's if you
really wanted to if you really wanted to
I could die for the
country no you've done your service I
feel bad for Jerry Jerry didn't want to
get teleported in he got the ladder and
everything and then I hit the button
then he goes in and get shot
you got ped that was so the coils kept
moving even though I was looking at them
it was like it just kept like like why
are you moving man at the first time
I've left the place and not been just
Robo Co head I like St that at them in
time you know what's stupid there was a
door that Lo to me I'm like oh I can
just go in this door it's
locked no yeah Mega fud all right
Eclipse it's Eclipse so let's let's do
something a little more chill we can go
to vow we have enough money don't need
to risk anything we got the cash the
Flow by the way it is vow people
corrected me in the comments it's vow
not V look at this
cow yeah I mean I knew they were wrong
but I didn't want to say it it's fun to
mess with look at this cow look at this
this I you make sure you got your stuff
if you guys want to get teleported in
indeed not this time balls Jerry balls
on my way
no target
bar oh nice so I can control a lot in
here I guess we don't have to say
anything cuz they're taking the they're
not even coming they're coming to so
they'll be at I don't know what you just
said I really want to try to see what
this looks like shy
guy is that real is that
realy I just heard I just heard fakey
and I heard realy
there's a over here there's a bark over
here there's a come over come over here
come over there over
here that is horrifying it's going
scream go get
him how long does it take for him to to
move I just stuck here oh he looks
creepy as though I don't like
that oh that's what
happened he's coming wait he's moving
now
oh
oh guys
hello how did you die mauling was it
like a
thumper
sey se's dead
Ross guys hello hello oh Ross hey I
didn't what happened hey uh the SCP then
we need to leave that thing comes out I
didn't look at it so I don't think he
was mad at me you get se's body yeah
they're all right here yo if we need to
leave then we're fine no that thing
comes out he doesn't stop until
everybody's dead no but I think it's
whoever looks at him well he behaves
from what I read on the website after we
done playing with it he behaves like a
Jester I also totally meant to bring
something else back and I might have
messed up I did hide in a corner for
like a solid minute
though I saw yall staring at a Red Dot
for a long time was that was I'm
assuming that was the SCP oh yeah that
was him okay I tried to shoot it once I
didn't want to get close because I
feared up when you shot him did it do
anything I don't think it did anything
okay cuz when I uploaded that short
everyone was like the good dude had a
gun but didn't shoot it's like I was
going to shoot Ross if I did that I was
kind of in the way yeah I didn't kill
Acken though oh that's that's all right
that's
baller know Ross you want to be uh you
want to be ship guy I'll go in this time
this
one view
Monet good good luck everybody many
thanks oh maybe I
shouldn't goodbye good luck goodbye
forever careful with it I think it's met
I'll be fine what the worst that can
happen besides me blowing up that would
suck I'm going to be my friends going to
be with my friends very soon we're going
to get the quot going to get the quota
oh it's a mansion saggy did you go
through the the fire exit I feel like
you went through the fire exit that's
not going to be good that's a chair
maybe I should go through the fire exit
I'm going to go through the fire exit
going through the fire exit Jerry was
collected
Hello hello someone died yeah Jerry died
oh dead
I'm oh
[__] I got to keep that thing uh
every every dead everyone's dead how is
everyone dead we just got here what the
f how is
everyone having aou my God maybe that's
how everyone's
dead holy sh the this has not
been that that was so unfortunate do we
try to make it to the entrance and get
anything yeah let's just go no my gun
sorry I did a bad
job no I think the coil heads were on
another one the coil heads wed the smoke
all the smoke they they uh oh me how did
you die I
think three turrets oh God that is I
went in I like I I was trying to find
where SEI went couldn't find him I
didn't know where you I went to the fire
exit I heard Boi but I'm assuming you
were already dead no you heard me for a
second you heard me moment before I died
oh okay so max I teleport in and am
immediately having my neck grabbed by a
coil head I end up with like five health
I thought he was dead right that wasn't
was it that was that was normal oh my
God that was it and then they just came
for the rest of you okay that sucked
okay I'll be [__] mommy this time then
Jesus I'm not blaming you Roos yeah no
that was your
I walk in the fire exit see a turret and
a coil head so it's like okay and then
you type everyone's dead I'm like f okay
so I start leaving goes outside blows my
offy yeah appar it's just foggy as soon
as I saw you go outside I was like yes
you're coming back and then all of a
sudden your head explodes yeah he just
like Goomba stomp D yeah that was very
unfortunate don't lose the gun sey
launch me got speed Soldier I go
fly uh we got 300 bucks left so that
should be enough for dogs if we get any
good luck all right let's
see can't be freaking out at my own
[Music]
footsteps it's a coly
hit no
no
he's very
nervous I have one item on
mey
Wow hi come this way are you you want to
leave no I just want to get away from
the coil if I can oh and there's a goop
oh
god wow
no though
hello what do you want a present
look oh come on
man oh my God yeah so um that's got give
me a second let me get over there and
then I'm going help
you don't don't I
I hey how you doing got
him thank you I can't tell if we've
gotten everything everything what is
everything I don't know where although I
have bad Direction I just can't find any
new areas yeah it would be behind him
would be new areas you know oh it's just
being a blocking
[__] come across I got a Viewpoint
Straight
Ahead all right
he's what here you guys go you're good
you should be good to go buy him I got
there's juice right there there's a
there's a now there's a juice over
there what oh no me and boy were hi he's
looking at me oh hey I think I'm in
danger he this head
Sho
no that's a bad
idea oh no you can't go through doors
right it's trying and it can't I need to
be
teleported
oh did it eat Ross I think it at Ross I
think it ate Ross right when he closed
the
door I got oh you got his SP oh good
good let go oh that was close he fell
off a cliff oh my God wait py Dad you
that a fall damage yeah I was backing
away from a coil head and I just fell
off man
I was just held up by the coil head up
there uh got to buy the walkie sooner
yeah I don't know how I'm starting to
feel about lethal Escape anymore
help all right Titan's the only one
that's not a clip so I guess we're
staying here Fross do you want to try
being [__] mom again yeah I'll do it
okay yeah I'm just going to grab a
liquid so I believe in you man Mommy
needs her
wine feel good juice need feel good
juice M time all right finally not
stormy not anything we're good all right
good luck Ross all right let's go in we
got this we got this and if I die I can
troll people my goal is to die a natural
death I hope I can do it I got to be
useful but I also got to troll that's
the that's that's that's that's the goal
here also controlling a call head is
very very difficult I got to I got to
make sure that when I'm doing it people
are
dead truly noted thank God we have buggy
mods oh gift box give me that hello
anybody Here anybody
inside I found the fire exit that's
nice all right what we got a Coke that's
my gun ammo I'm starting to hear things
there's the Big Bolt and the tragedy
mask all well I've done my
part hello hello hi hello I've got four
items already I got three hey I'm
sgy SE got got what what did SE get what
did SE get I don't know what seg got SE
got [__] you're not telling me what
seg got it doesn't
help oh Jerry I hear someone that's me
where where you guys at where are you
I'm right here here all where are you at
where' you go I'm in the I'm in the big
room we're in the big room too
what oh you're in the big room you're
playing below us or above us or
something I might be wait where the hell
are you at wait are you with sey I don't
have a light I don't have any light I
hear you guys I'm I think I'm getting
closer guys there's a thumper nearby we
have to move I hear I hear you but I
don't see you yeah I think you're above
us or below us what that's weird oh it's
righted near you it's probably a thumper
where the f are you guys
stair oh okay oh I can't find Jerry and
sey I not I've been for the items to to
oh there's zombies are they dead let's
find out all right let's go protect my
boy I I don't know how to get to the
guys where you guys at how close was I
to sey and Jerry uh it seemed like you
were kind of close like just a couple
hallways over they're getting chased
wait who died was Jerry dead Jerry's
dead is he
outside maybe I can't tell think he's
being followed pookies running around
I'll go back in I don't know where they
are guys hello Pooky J sey guys this is
kind of creepy hello sey all right I'm
actually this is kind of freaking me
out pgy boie oh oh
no oh no that's not good Bo key coil
uhoh okay
oh there's a coil oh there's a
coil you're
crying wait is that what I think it is
yeah I think it
is wait is he noise Bas should I not
there a dog there's a
dog
[Music]
don't like what I'm doing yeah okay yeah
it's that guy we can leave we can leave
shoting he's getting loud we've already
shot it didn't do anything why is he
just sitting by the drop ship what's
that guy doing down there what the [__]
dude who was gooning wait I saw it next
to the he was gooning I bet I didn't
know they could spawn outside [__] that
dude yeah most likely to die next time
that's nice to read oh that was a fun
day ever again I'm I'm walking in now
you guys are getting screwed over with
that man I got lost so
quick all right let's we got a little
bit but we're starting to get down so
all right let's sell qua fine I hope all
right got speed SC they only have one
flashlight yeah
I'm going in wait what is this I'm going
to have my flashlight one five Pros I'll
I'll grab one of the pros right here is
this dine yeah we're on dine you can
take the ladder and
go D and D I'm making it happen I'm
doing the stupid oh God good luck dude I
got a key so I might I hope he do
dieing go get the flashlights y on all
right not a lot of bad stuff so far is
pretty good dropping four of them here
thank
y'all running in Good Luck hey found a
bunch of stuff what's sey up to over
here kind of standing there want to
be
hey I did not
laugh have fun I did not
laugh that's fair okay
I you like your little horn like little
horn having a good a little Horn Guy
don't get too horny there little
guy see that one made me laugh that
one's good but it didn't you I didn't
say the thing though so it doesn't
count off you
[__] it wasn't worth it
[Music]
yipp he's kill me
fly I'm dead B
him I'm going to die no he just wanted
the hor he just wanted the horn hey
little dude
oh oh you can have my friend's body if I
can have the
horn want the
painting oh no
no no
oh sorry
Jerry I'm sorry
man get brought out of the stick so much
I feel so bad more oh man go Pooky go oh
man let's see eggy's getting chased Ross
is coming back Ross is back how did
Jerry die uh hoing
[Music]
bugn why is no one taking in shovels
I'll take a shovel in was being chill
also uh some more Jerry stuff at the
entrance but I'll grab it on after all
good
what that's a bracket oh well let me
kill
it
dead where's he
at where's he at on the monitor uh
monitor I don't see a red dot the hell I
don't see a red dot anymore where'd he
go made me
myself all right well maybe this time I
won't die maybe zy died oh
oh where the hell's the bracket at oh
like he got coiled oh no oh no oh Pooky
is all I'm just going to tell
back you look like you're in a bad spot
yeah thank you than you there's a
Bracken somewhere around here it's quite
naughty quite naughty J died to a loot
bug apparently is Ross still in there oh
Ross is about to die to the Bracken oh
no or something I actually don't know
what that is he's got something on him
though wait he's being lost well I'll go
save him go save him Ross where are you
he's at the entrance the hell are they
doing what oh more stuff's coming out
dude oh there's the Bracken nothing's
around us y'all coming back y'all coming
did you just push me yeah I'm I'm
helping y'all getting chased by a
Bracken oh and a coil oh okay oh you I
got start taking in weapons dude I got
scared Saving Private Ross seen a little
girl today though saved cuz look I'm a
balancing I was going to push him but
then I was like
[Laughter]
no it too [__] dumb I had to do
it perfect fault the E button is more
economically efficient uh that's I was
like I kind of want to push him you
really want to you could press that oh
wait we could push yeah we got push mod
on yeah we got push mod on I saved Ros
with the E button I push him toward the
[__] oh oh sh D's flooded oh crap uh oh
no is everything a bad time no we can't
afford to go anywhere else so we can we
can go to March we can make money off of
March how much money we got two yeah
let's just go to March keep getting
jumped I feel like this is I don't know
what's going on they just keep jumping
me man who' you piss off I don't know
Jerry died apparently to a hoing bug how
did you manage that that hoing bug was
no joke it put 90 damage on me as well
it came out theing facility and shot hit
me they all go out of the facility you
should know start taking it shovels that
hoing bug was wild like to shot me H
take the gun if you want to I'm going to
lose it for Pooky I don't want Pooky
having a gun he'll shoot me I want a
shovel do I like teleporting too much I
can't wait I have two shovels
my
goodness y got everything on to my
favorite place Good Luck Good Luck do a
quick
scan luck can't scan no won't let me
good luck all
right oh there's a lot of stuff though
that's nice let's
go M with
sey you doing all right see I can
control what the [__] was that
[Music]
oh it's sey dear God
man don't you pull up on me
brother there you
go pper kind of
stupid he hasn't
noticed oh they can't open doors kind of
neat where the hell is this guy
going
anything cool uh no oh someone got shot
I think someone got shot I didn't see
anything on the monitor no they're all
[Music]
good where you going whoa whoa whoa whoo
for who who this is uh the out but
there's
only at the entrance oh you're at the
entrance okay they're all I'm at the
entrance yeah they're all at the other
fire exit is that way
Jerry there's like three on this map so
yeah
yeah that a thumper right here oh hey
what's up man how you
[Music]
doing oh why' you play why' you play I
gave you a
chance I'm
helping you did great thank you I didn't
kill you this time
I thought he missed the jump for a
second
[Music]
we I missed the
jump the hell's Jerry
doing you good
Jerry oh I'm going to send you back
in you're going to be confused as hell
when you're not going to be
AFK he got be hella
confused all right Pookie's on his way
back how
jry was AFK in a corner so I teleported
him back pushed him into the teleporter
and teleported him
again do your
service all right can they make it
back
[Laughter]
yes what the
f
dude I could have sworn I heard a dog
oh D I could have swor I heard a dog
where'd he go what Who the hell's left
oh oh there
is Ross
[Music]
you all we're all back wait where's
Jerry at
oh Ross I went to go fing hit the
dog what yeah I saw mother helmet camera
he was smacking a dog with a shovel he
said he was going the go kill the dog
don't kick dogs
Ross he went don't kick dogs
Ross God damn
[Music]
it